DLSN-697: update README.md with new endpoint, align sample amount to stub value (#82)
hmrc/paye-des-stub: README.md

To test the stub endpoints for Child Benefit Entitlement:
```
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
  --header "Accept: application/vnd.hmrc.2.0+json" \
  --request POST \
  --data '{ "scenario": "HAPPY_PATH_1" }' \
  http://localhost:9689/sa/2234567890/child-benefit-entitlement/annual-summary/2017-18
curl -X GET http://localhost:9689/benefits-and-credits/child-benefit/views/iv_sa_prepop_hicbc?input_utr=2234567890&input_tax_year=2018
```

To test the stub endpoints for Winter Fuel Payment Amount:
```
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
  --header "Accept: application/vnd.hmrc.2.1+json" \
  --request POST \
  --data '{ "scenario": "HAPPY_PATH_1" }' \
  http://localhost:9689/CE123457D/winter-fuel-payment-amount/annual-summary/2017-18
curl -X GET http://localhost:9689/paye/iabd/taxpayer/CE123457D/tax-year/2017/deductions
```

> Note: unlike the other endpoints, Winter Fuel Payment is keyed by NINO, to match the HIP endpoint (API#5222). individual-benefits resolves the UTR to a NINO via citizen-details before calling it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Unlike the other endpoints, Winter Fuel Payment is keyed by National Insurance number. The Individual Benefits API resolves the Unique Taxpayer Reference to a National Insurance number before calling it.
```

> Note: unlike the other endpoints, Winter Fuel Payment is keyed by NINO, to match the HIP endpoint (API#5222). individual-benefits resolves the UTR to a NINO via citizen-details before calling it.

Reviewer: Best to avoid mentioning internal APIs and private repositories in the README for a public repository. Consider putting this kind of information (which is still useful for an internal audience) somewhere in  Confluence.
